Refactor/262 refactor sb scripts (#278)
open-energy-transition/open-tyndp: doc/release_notes.rst

* Address infeasibilities for DE and GA by adjusting the trajectory of DE00 for the larger existing capacity and by fixing a broadcasting bug in the offshore constraints (https://github.com/open-energy-transition/open-tyndp/pull/283).

> * Changed repository structure for Open-TYNDP specific scripts and rules for SB and CBA (https://github.com/open-energy-transition/open-tyndp/pull/278).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Moved SB scripts in a dedicated folder and rules in a dedicated file (https://github.com/open-energy-transition/open-tyndp/pull/278).
```
